25, 26 years now I've been running the night hike. Mark Evans might know better
because he was seven and went on the first night hike and he's got his own
children now. So it was designed, so I used to do a lot with the kids then I
wasn't married and we go sledging and just go off having fun and I decided
that I would do something a bit more interesting with them on New Year's Eve
and devised this night hike and the very first walk I can remember we went over
the field on what's now is part of the Millennium Walkway which we created
which is over the field through the stile and up through the the woods there
and I remember bearing in mind this is a lot of farm kids and village kids I hid
a sheep skull at face height in a tree so that when walking through the path it
might startle the children and they didn't bat an eyelid. Seen plenty of
those and so I've been doing it every year ever since without fail and it's
great fun and we now have sausages and a campfire and I think you've been on
them so I'm rather proud that I've done that and that's a lasting memory.